SPQRMERK Evans is a 73-year-old video game pirate who enjoys knitting, travelling and drinking. He is kind and friendly, but can also be very sadistic and a bit unstable.

He is addicted to alcohol, something which his friend Rosie Ivy Perkins pointed out when he was 15. The problem intensified in 1964. SPQRMERK has lost six jobs as a result of his addiction, specifically: golf caddy, tradesperson's assistant, kitchen assistant, health centre receptionist, cleaner at a studio and chorus actor.

He is an American Jedi. He has a post-graduate degree in literature. He is allergic to walnuts and latex.

Physically, SPQRMERK is in good shape. He is very tall with olive skin, golden hair and brown eyes. He has Due to the alcohol, SPQRMERK looks older than his actual age..

He grew up in an upper class neighbourhood. His father left when he was young, leaving him with his mother, who was an addict.

He is currently single. His most recent romance was with a scientist called Maddison Ella Woods, who was the same age as him. They broke up because Maddison was fed up of friends getting on better with SPQRMERK.

SPQRMERK has one child with ex-girlfriend Maddison: Kristi aged 39.

SPQRMERK's best friend is a video game pirate called Rosie Perkins. They are inseparable. He also hangs around with Billie Greenwood and Dexter Knowles. They enjoy stealing candy from babies together.

For privacy reasons


Genticsky Smyth is a 47-year-old gallery-commisioned artist who enjoys duck herding, running and cycling. He is stable and energetic, but can also be very lazy and a bit rude.

He is American. He started studying chemistry at college but never finished the course. He has a severe phobia of bees

Physically, Genticsky is in pretty good shape. He is average-height with bronze skin, brown hair and brown eyes. He has a lazy eye.

He grew up in a working class neighbourhood. He was raised in a happy family home with two loving parents.

He is currently single. His most recent romance was with a burglar called Julie Tamara Cole, who was 18 years older than him. They broke up because Genticsky found Julie's political views too conservative.

Genticsky's best friend is a gallery-commisioned artist called Jacqueline Ingram. They are inseparable. He also hangs around with a gallery-commisioned artist called Leroy Cox. They enjoy working on cars together.
